The NGI Capital Admin Dashboard is the entity level dashboard with overview missions vision values, goals, connected to the apps to dos for that admin, and to their signed in calander. This shhould have an entity selector where the user selects the entity (currently NGI Capital LLC is pre c corp conversion but when its converted it will be NGI Capital, Inc.) Then we want the two sub entities The Creator Terminal, inc and NGI Capital Advisory, LLC to be the other entities. NGI Capital, Inc (or rn llc) is the consildated view of all the entities into one single dashboard. All to dos and all calenders connected in one fo rthat admin. (gcal connected). The mission visions and values i will give you for each entity but the high level they are the same with the sub entities maybe havbing specific additional visions or missions or values. Then goals should allow the admin to create goals and track them via the dashboard. This should be connected to all the databases for the app and apis to connect and have an overview of everything. Not a lot of fuinctionality specific to the creator temrinal yet. But we want a lot of dashboard functionality around the consolidated view, then we have a lot fo data from the NGI Capital Advisory modules and db so we want to make the NGI Capital Advisory entity view specific to that entity and in depth with the project and info and everything. The to-dos should connect to the apps and apis and tell the user the workflows of to-dos they have yet to compelted. THen calendar shows them upcoming calandar stuff from their gcal. There should also be robust tests made for all the functionality the connections to the apis and everything. 