For the marketing homepage I want to make it a simple but modern and effective page at highlighting the benefits of signing in and joing NGI Capital Advisory (the netowrk). We want there to be the top black navbar at the top where whatever the uisers screen sizse is it goes to that with NGI Capital Advisory in the top left, then in the top right is the sign in button, Below that it should be black background with the primary blue gradienting down into blue. Thnis should be the backrgound for a nice title thats like an animated Launch your (animated Experiences, Oppurtinities, Impacts) with NGI Capital Advisory. Then the gradient backghround. Righht below that we want a secondary navbar with Advisory Projects, Student Learning (Coming soon), and then student incubator. This secondary navbar will be the light thematic (where to top bit was dark theme clearly) and will vbe the nav bar for like each section. We also want to make it so next to the sign in button on the top black navbar there are also selectors for the same things as the white secondary navbar. When a user hovers over it should have a little blue line under it and the selected module should have a constant bnlue line highlighting the selected moddule. THen each section should have it own little marketing highlight showcasing how it works (or in the case of the learning module and the student incubator we want it to be like coming soon marketing pages). We want adivosyr prokjects firsty right under the secondary navabr and we want this in light them. Then we want to trnasition to the learning module with a dark theme and the blue gradient background. Then we want it to teansition to the student incubator page which is in light theme, then it should lastly include the current implementation for @ 2025 NGI Capital, Inc. And make it follow the light them to follow the student incubator page. (The themes currently follow whatevetr dark or light setting selected as the uisers signed out or whatevr their desktop is set to. Please remove this feature it should be the same color scheme i described a second ago). For the advisory projects we want to really go in and highlight the main points of how it works and make students want to sign up and gain that institutiopnal experience and fun impactful experiences. (Ask me more to really hit this hard plus go through the app to understand the value props in general for students). For the learning module we want to follow of the learning md documents and the module itself and keep it simple fo rnow as we havnt developed or planned the learning module out yet (coming soon). Then same sortof idea for the student incubator, think of like the UC systems Y combinator (bnut dont say any of that on the website for legal reasons) but we want to make it a coming soon vibe but make ity like showcase we can help from corporate governance to entity regirstration, to acocunting and tax, to planning to literally everything we are going through with our own entity, then als capital through the future Student Impact Fund 1 (or whatever we name it) where the profits from the adivosry projects go into a pool of money in addition to landon and andre pitching ot LPs to build the fund to a reaosnable level then be bale to in 1 or 2 years launch a student incubator fund that invests in the students idea which will change the world. This should be a modern marketing page and utlize the current localhost3001 which its already on. We want to make this markeitng page perfect and truly hit the value props that we have been building throughout the app. 