NGI Learning is for those students who are genuinly interested and passionate about something and want to learn the skills to be able to take it to the real world. 
The entire philosophy is learn how to think, not what to think. In different words focusing on learning how the world works and how can bring you so much further than simply memorizing and speeding through a process. For v1 (which we are developing) we want to create the Business & Finance learning module which will be for version 1. In the future we can add other modules like software engineering / ai / data or other areas like specific HR or specific marketing all sorts of leaerning moduyles to help students from all the millions of resources online a single comprehensive place focusing on how and not what. For v1 we want to focus on Business & Finance and helping students be fully prepared to  be an analtyst at goldman sachs or Blackrock while having the thought process of an MD and someone whos gonna postively change the world like our NGI Capital Philosohpy focuses on. This needs to be a modern and simple workflow process thatt helpos students genuinly understand important and complex processes to prepare them to become a NGI Capital Analyst. This system will allow the user to go through whatever module they want, as well we need to think about the best way these gen z students can genuiinly learn and workthrough the modules. I want it to go through everything for business and finance to be a banker and i have put so much timeinto my own resources and learning so we should develope this together ask me extrmeely in depth questions as to every module and aspect of how we want the learning process to best work. Theres so many resources like wall street prep and all these others plus like the summer analyst program that interns do for their final projects and summer long project. THe focus though is for users to be able to be free in like the learning and how they choose, it shouyld peak their personal interest and not be preset to specific point in time or company specifically. Idk we need to revoluutionize learning in some standard to make it an amazing module and progmam. 
The focus of this entire NGI Learning is I wish I had some compehrensive free resource that gives basiucally everything to be an investment banker which i thought was exactly what I want to do for my life. I then taught students at UC Berkeley Haas on equity research and learned so much in terms of how to teach students in todays age. They hjave short attention spans and want a lot, they are also extrmeely talented and reseliant, more reseliant then past generations and can do a lot given direction and guidance. The NGI Learning module whiule evolvew and adapt over time but my idea is to perfect it to be ready for someone like rich lyons at uc berkeley wwho worked as Chief learning officer of goldman sachs to evolve it into more. 