Currently documents on the backend should have the ability to scan documents and intake all the data into the db for use thorughout the ngi capital app. Right now though the ui is not quite setup as we want. 1 it should have the entity selector and it should always be setup where NGI Capital (LLC rn but after we do post conversion will be de c corp) is the consolidated every entity together. SO we need the entity selector in the top right plus a search and a filter dropdown for search documents and filtewring for speic ones. The documents workflows should ask for all the business formation documation and it will use that throughout the system. This should be a nice ui and ux design. There should also be a place to upload the documents from the user. SO a nice ui for  the user to uplaod any documents. Banking should be connected ot the banking setup we have but ensure thas all setup perfeclty. This is the core source of our NGI Capital app data. Documents should have a place for the business registry documents, starting for the NGI Capital LLC, then should alloww us to process the conversion and add the new entity documents and everything into the db to be used throughout the app. Then these documents should also have an upload feature where it senses the upload and uses that for the accoutning workflows and journal entries etc. The documents is the sore core source of data (besides banking module and the NGI Capital advisory which has a seperate but connected db) for the business entities and needs to have the ability to take in all the info from all the different doc types and add that to the db. We have this implemented somewhat but we want to look through what we have and refine it too be ready for v1 launnch. Should have a search and filter drop down for the db to search or find specific documents, as well as the entity selctor for the different entities. LIke the other modules for NGI Capital this needs NGI Capital as consolidated view of all documents db, then for the specific entities its just thier documents. The ui and workflows should also have like a need to upload docs for like the business registry and legal docs, then the workflows for all of that and whatnot. 